Doctor Xiaohui, what's wrong with him?
Why hasn't it worked?
The average survival time of Yu Zhi's kidneys is 10-15 years
Xiaohui had a kidney transplant 15 years ago
It's not easy to hold on until now
The drowning had a profound impact on him
A second surgery is required as soon as possible
What do you mean?
Judging from Xiaohui's test report
His kidneys are showing severe symptoms of failure
Hemodialysis and medication control
It can only prolong Xiaohui's life to a certain extent
Better to get a second kidney transplant
What about a second surgery?
Can you still find a kidney source that matches Xiaohui?
Husband aftertaste
Don't worry about far-reaching things, I'll find a way
Sorry.
You still dare to come because of you
Xiao Hui needs to have an operation in advance
Can you give your life back to Xiao Hui?
Then you just want to touch the money of the Su family.
I told you that I want to get the sealed money from the Su family
I gave birth to such a vicious daughter as you
My mom deserves cancer
It's all karma
That looks like a scar from surgery
It's the same as the one on Xiao Hui.
How could he?
What's your name?
How did you get this scar?